Project: Capstone Project Monitoring System using PHP/MySQLi

About The Project
The Capstone Project Monitoring System is a simple project that can help a certain schools manage its project and task progress. The system has 3 types of system users which are the Admin, Supervisor, and the Student. The Admin user is those users that has an access to all of the data stored in the database of the system especially on creating and managing system users. The Supervisor are those users that manage the project details and progress under her/his management. The Student will submit their work productivity in each task of the project which makes the system requires the student to submit their start and end time range of their work on a certain task and this data will be calculated in the report as project members' work duration.

How the System Works
The Capstone Project Monitoring System users can be only created by admin users. The admin user or the supervisor will create a new project at first along with some important details and references of the users. When creating a project, the admin or supervisor must list all the students that will handle the project's tasks. After the creation of the project, the students are limited only to adding their work progress for the task of the project that they are assigned. They are also allowed to edit the data of the progress that they only submitted. Then, as the students regularly updating the system about the progress they have done the supervisors will read or scan their activities so the supervisor can check or decide if the certain task is done and need to update the task status in the system. For the printable report of the system, only the admin users and supervisor has an access to this function or feature of the system.

Features:
Login Page
Home Page
Project (CRUD Features)
Task List Page
Progress Form
Report Generation
User (CRUD Features)
etc.
The Capstone Project Monitoring System was developed using HTML, PHP/MySQLi, CSS, JavaScript (jQuery/Ajax), and Bootstrap for the design. The source code is fully functional and easy to modify or enhance. Follow the instruction below to have an actual experience using this simple project.

How to Run
Download or set up any local web server that runs PHP script.
Open the web-server database and create a new database name it "tms_db".
Import the SQL file located in the database folder of the source code.
Copy and paste the source code to the location where your local web server accessing your local projects. Example for XAMPP('C:\xampp\htdocs')
Open a web browser and browse the project. E.g [http://localhost/CPMS]
Admin Access
Email: admin@admin.com
Password: admin123

